amend SMP protocol doc (#232)
simplex-chat/simplexmq: protocol/simplex-messaging.md

- Sender of the queue (who received out-of-band message) to send messages to the server using sender's queue ID, signed by sender's key.

> - Recipient of the queue (who created the queue and sent out-of-band message) will use it to retrieve messages from the server, signing the commands by the recipient key and decrypting them with the key negotiated during the creation of the queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recipient of the queue (who created the queue and sent out-of-band message) will use it to retrieve messages from the server, signing the commands by the recipient key. Recipient decrypts the messages with the key negotiated during the creation of the queue.
```

Access to each queue is controlled with unique (not shared with other queues) asymmetric key pairs, separate for the sender and the recipient. The sender and the receiver have private keys, and the server has associated public keys to authenticate participants' commands by verifying cryptographic signatures.

> The messages sent over the queue are end-to-end encrypted using key negotiated via out-of-band message and SMP confirmation.

Author: ```suggestion
The messages sent over the queue are end-to-end encrypted using the DH secret agreed via out-of-band message and SMP confirmation.
```

    3. Generates another new random public/private key pair (recipient key - `RK`) that she did not use before for her to sign commands and to decrypt the transmissions received from the server.

    4. Generates one more random key pair (recipient DH key - `RDHK`) to negotiate symmetric key that will be used by the server to encrypt message bodies delivered to Alice (to avoid shared cipher-text inside transport connection).

>     5. Sends `"NEW"` command to the server to create a simplex queue (see `create` in [Create queue command](#create-queue-command)). This command contains previously generated unique "public" keys `RK` and `SK`. `RK` will be used to verify the following commands related to the same queue signed by its private counterpart, for example to subscribe to the messages received to this queue or to update the queue, e.g. by setting the key required to send the messages (initially Alice creates the queue that accepts unsigned messages, so anybody could send the message via this queue if they knew the queue sender's ID and server address).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5. Sends `"NEW"` command to the server to create a simplex queue (see `create` in [Create queue command](#create-queue-command)). This command contains previously generated unique "public" keys `RK` and `SDHK`. `RK` will be used to verify the following commands related to the same queue signed by its private counterpart, for example to subscribe to the messages received to this queue or to update the queue, e.g. by setting the key required to send the messages (initially Alice creates the queue that accepts unsigned messages, so anybody could send the message via this queue if they knew the queue sender's ID and server address).
```

4. Alice receives Bob's message from the server using recipient queue ID `RID` (possibly, via the same transport connection she already has opened - see `message` in [Deliver queue message](#deliver-queue-message)):

>     1. She decrypts received message body with key `SS`.

Author: ```suggestion
    1. She decrypts received message body using the secret `SS`.
```
